Doc 2807 (RC integrations) (#2940)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/cloud-integrations/aws-marketplace/aws-bedrock/set-up-redis.md

    {{<image filename="images/rc/database-details-configuration-tab-security-tls-client-auth-certificate.png" width="300px" alt="Provide or generate a certificate for TLS client authentication." >}}{{< /image >}}

>     If you generate your certificate from the admin console, select **Download client certificate** and a ZIP file download will start. The download contains:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you generate your certificate from the admin console, select **Download client certificate**. The download contains:
```

## Create a vector index in your database {#create-vector-index}

> After your database is set up, create an index with a vector field using [FT.CREATE](https://redis.io/commands/ft.create/) as your knowledge base for Amazon Bedrock. You can accomplish this through the use of **RedisInsight** or the `redis-cli`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your database is set up, create an index with a vector field using [FT.CREATE](https://redis.io/commands/ft.create/) as your knowledge base for Amazon Bedrock. You can accomplish this using **RedisInsight** or `redis-cli`.
```

    ![Connect button](/images/rc/connection-wizard-button.png#no-click "Connect button.")

> 1. In the connection wizard, under **RedisInsight Desktop**, select **Public Endpoint**. Select **Open with RedisInsight**. The database will be automatically configured for you in the tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the connection wizard, under **RedisInsight Desktop**, select **Public Endpoint**. Select **Open with RedisInsight** to connect to the database with RedisInsight.
```
